Jijin’s experience trekking to the farm, crafter space and
people of the place
Dinesh recollecting Jijin’s experience reaching the venue
Shalini explaining her experience deploying the Wifi Mesh
Dinesh continues explaining Cowmesh Iruway and how to access it
Nico recollecting the monkey’s circus during deployment.
Bhanu recollects unexpected experiences from the localities and
how they managed to explain them
Cynthia recollecting the trekking experience, while recollects the patterns
and shapes observed in the rock formations.
Arush’s experience trekking and getting freaked listening to
wild life stories on the way back.
Arush’s continues describing why he thought Emery speeded up
while heading back.
Bhanu correcting Arush
Emery justifies why he speeded
David’s experience with Crafter Space and conversations with
Mukunda Rao on Indian Traditions
Anu’s experience trekking and knowing the history of the place,
visiting Crafter Space
Alekhya recollecting the events in the evening at Amphitheatre.
Continues to remember how fire was recreated metaphorically for
strengthening the beliefs.
Also cherishing Agni team’s fork instrumental performance with
Probhir’s collaboration.
Priya’s experience trekking, visiting crafter space,
community living, bhuto and meeting known people from around.
Jijin remembers he lost his golf ball
Nikko’s experience seeing other mesh radios.
Dinesh remembers plans of addressing gender issues
Manjunath’s experience attending router workshop, and playing Mafia
Dinesh recollecting seeing crowd playing mafia until morning.